#summary A short description of changes to source code / documentation.
#labels Featured

  * *revision 78 : 0.9.2.2 * : _2007-12-09 02:07:16 -0200_
  # _IMPLEMENTED_ highestPriority, thanks pedr.browne.


  * *revision 75 : 0.9.2.2 * : _2007-12-08 02:07:16 -0200_
  # _IMPLEMENTED_ accessor for itens.
  # _CHANGED_ Exposed isLoaded in LoadingItem

  * *revision 73 : 0.9.2.1 * : _2007-12-01 02:07:16 -0200_
  # _FIXED_ bug in removeFailedItems and removeStoppedItems, thanks [http://www.yooba.se/ Stefan Kratz]

  * *revision 71 : 0.9.2 * : _2007-12-01 01:07:16 -0200_
  # _IMPLEMENTED_ helper methods to change an item priority after an item has been added. Thanks toby (lowpitch) for the report.
  # _IMPLEMENTED_ helper method to resort the queue by priority.

  * *revision 69 : 0.9.2 * : _2007-12-01 00:07:16 -0200_
  # _CHANGED_ the visibility of properties and methods from LoadingItem. Most things were public and this gave the idea that the LoadingItem was to be used stand alone.
  # _IMPLEMENTED_ public accessors for type and id in LoadingItem.
  # Documentation improvements

  * *revision 65 : 0.9.1 * : _2007-12-05 23:07:16 -0200_
  # _FIXED_ documentation on LOADER_TYPES, thanks  szemraj.rafal;
  # _FIXED_ bug on error handling, thanks [http://www.ialmeida.com Igor Almeida];
  # _IMPLEMENTED_ video and sound types to reflect the players new capabilities (f4v, f4a, etc), thanks [http://www.zeh.com.br zeh];
  # _IMPLEMENTED_ the "pausedAtStart" property on add for pausing video instances when load operation has begun;
  # _FIXED_ The OPEN ("open") event was not firering when a request has been opened.

  * *revision 61 : 0.9 * : _2007-11-26 23:07:16 -0200_
  # _CHANGED_ logLevel and logFunction are instance properties instead of static.