#summary People who have helped to make BulkLoader.getProgress() increase.
#labels Featured
                                                      
THIS WIKI HAS MOVED to the new github page, please access it at [http://github.com/arthur-debert/BulkLoader/wiki] .

== Main Author ==
This library has been developed by [http://www.stimuli.com.br/ Arthur Debert], but it owes a whole lot to the folks who have given input, ideas, criticisms, and bug reports.
 
== Many thanks to ==
  * *Dimitar Genov* (dimitar71 at hotmail.com ) who besides having great design discussion, implemented general cleanup code and the code creating bulk loaders from external files (xml).

  * *Igor Almeida*: my coworker who has been a thorough beta tester. A couple of months ago he wrote a loading manager class that, while has little resemblance to BulkLoader, provided many insights and a good road map of what works (and what doesn't). He also provided valuable feedback and bug reports.

  * [http://www.zeh.com.br/ Zeh]: in long emails Zeh has given valuable ideas and discussed a few key issues Having Zeh give you design ideas is (to steal a phrase from [http://www.paulgraham.com/ Paul Graham]) like having Mick Jagger playing on your son's Bar Mitzvah. 

 * [http://www.pedromoraes.net Pedro Moraes] For great feedback and feature suggestions.

== Thanks to ==
People who sent bug report, patches, ideas and generally improved bulkloader:
  * Kelvin Luck. 
  * Jens Franke. 
  * Jeff. 
  * Nick Terry
  * Renato Inamine. 
  * profilin54. 
  * pedr.browne. 
  * Stefan Kratz 
  * toby (lowpitch) 
  * szemraj.rafal;
  * Murkyl
  * [http://www.winx.ws Alex Winx]
  * t.izukawa
  * gstoner
  * Robby Abaya